hey what's going on guys it's been here
and welcome back to another review and
this is the review of the brief portable
bluetooth speaker from elevate and what
this is it's a nice nifty little
bluetooth speaker that's quite small and
it does pack a hell a lot of noise for
its size on the back of the box we have
these specifications it goes over saying
that it's obviously a portable bluetooth
speaker it contains 2 40 ml drivers it
has a large speaker cavity for big sound
and bass and the battery on this will
last up for 10 hours so cracking on into
the box you remove the sleeve type lid
to reveal the speaker at first and that
is the first thing out of the box the
next thing out of the box is the USB to
micro USB for charging the next thing
after that is the aux cable if you wish
to use it wired you also get a nice
elevate brief branded case and then you
obviously get the instruction manual as
well so the main items in the box are
the instruction manual the elevat--
brief branded carry case the two
different type cables and obviously the
speaker itself so over looking to the
speaker at first it's got this very nice
kind of corrugated type meshed metal on
the top which does look very nice once
reflected in different lights on the top
you have these six different
functionality buttons which I will go
over more in depth later on in the video
on the back you have the on/off switch
the orcs auxiliary input and you also
have the mini USB input for charging and
I do like the general kind of style of
this speaker I like how the speaker
grill goes around the sides to exercise
the sounds that little bit more so
turning on the speaker is very simple
you literally just flick the switch
across you can also plug in the 3.5 mil
aux cable if you wish to play this
speaker through a device that doesn't
have bluetooth and then you can also
charge the speaker through the mini USB
which is provided into the back port
like so and then to turn off the speaker
you flip the switch again so a more
in-depth overview of this speaker when
you turn on the speaker it will make a
sound like so on the top you have these
six functionality buttons to pair the
device you hold down the play/pause
button and then it will change from a
blue flashing LED to a blue LED and it
will say that it's pairing you can then
pair it to a Bluetooth device like
iPhone or any other smart device and
then once it's paired it will say that
it's connected and then you are ready to
play your music so the different buttons
on the top first you have the answer
cool button which you can answer cause
with the built-in microphone for this
you have the Skip rewind button as well
as the play pause and then you have the
plus and minus for the volume the
response time on these buttons is very
very quick it is a fraction of a second
i have to say that these buttons are
actually really easy to use they do feel
very strong and the connections inside
do feel very well made overall i do
think this speaker is really good for
the 40-pound price tag it definitely
packs a lot of sound for its price it is
a very very loud speaker it does have
quite a nice base but obviously with a
base head like myself I would like that
a little bit more and I think elevate
could do that or maybe their next
Bluetooth speaker the overall style is
really nice i like how there is the kind
of corrugated metal mesh across the
front this is definitely different I
haven't seen this in many speakers of
this kind the buttons on the top are
really easy to use they have a really
quick response time and I haven't really
found any issues with that like I said
the playback charge does last up for 10
hours which is great if you want to take
it out and about take it to a picnic or
onto the beach this is definitely a
speaker to take out and about with you
and obviously you also have that carry
case which does come in handy if you
want to chuck it in a bag or anything
like that the range on the speaker's
actually stated to be up to 10 meters
but i have tested this with in my house
and also outside and i have measured it
to be up to approximately 12 meters with
going through various different walls
and doors if you'd like to check out
this speaker i will put the availability
links in the description i'd like to say
thank you to elevate for sending out
this product for review i do think it's
a really good speaker especially for 40
pounds and i definitely think you should
start your new year off with an elevator
if speaker as it definitely packs a lot
of volume for its price tag i hope you
liked the review thanks again to elevate
thank you for watching and I'll see you
guys all later